Hello, I'm Wan Jiaqi.
As expected of the person in charge of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
That's impressive.
Of course!
A man of his rank
I usually only see it on TV
As expected of a world-class figure
He came to us, didn't he come at a loss?
Boy, weren't you quite arrogant just now?
Now Wan will grow up
You should go up and recognize your relatives.
Let's have a long experience
This seems to be really Crescent Moon's father
Xiaoxue, don't talk nonsense
I'm not talking nonsense.
Is President Wan really your father?
Good you stop farting
If your father is really President Wan
You can be this kind of virtue
Xiaoxue, I think you are dazzled
Cao Yuan and you, don't argue with them
Useless trash is trash
I see your whole body is also hard-mouthed
Did you see it?
My dad is standing next to the president
As long as there is in-depth cooperation with Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
Who will dare to provoke a good son-in-law in the future?
In the future, our Dongxing consortium
You have to rely on your Cao family
OK, OK. OK.
As long as you betroth Xiaoxue to me
Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Xiao Xu will also say a few kind words to his father-in-law.
Dad Xiaoxue
Don't worry, they can't negotiate this cooperation today.
I'm courting death everyone
Wan made a trip back to China
Thank you very much for your hospitality.
Huaqing chamber of commerce
The plan is to open up commercial channels in Jiangzhou
The Cao family has strong economic strength
So you can consider
Establish a long-term cooperative relationship with the Cao family
Thank you President Wang for your praise
Cao will go all out
The Broad Foundation of Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
global coverage
So there can be no successor.
So the next collaboration ceremony
I'll leave it to my son to think about it.
Master Wan is also present
I don't know what Master Wan looks like
If he is handsome and rich
I would like to show up even if I show up.
You think it's beautiful
Our plan
It is to make my son a negative in Jiangzhou
blame someone
Let him come on stage and say a few words